1 What is user defined function in python?Why do we need fnction instead of writing code repeatedlly?
Answer: A static set of insrtuction which can be used repeatedly can be converted into a functions .Since such functions are created by user they are called as user defined functions.
Createing a function for a set of instruction which is getting used repeatedly help to increate the maintenibility of program,
it is easy to read.

2. Explain the synatx of function definition using the def keyword.Why is the : mandatory?
Answer: 
def <functionname>(<parameters optional>):
    <body>
    return optional
with semicolumn python understands that the function body is starting.

3. Why is the importance of indentation inside the function body?what happens if indentation is incorrect?
Answer: Indentationinside function body helps python to understand what is the function body and its scope.If the indentation is incorrect
the function may abort abruptly and may misunderstood teh scope of variables of the function.

4.Differentiate between calling a function and defining a funtion with simple explanation
Answer: lets take an example,
def add(n1,n2):
    total = 0
    total = n1+n2
    return total
def main():
    result = add(10,20)
    print(result)
 Here line #19 is defining a function where a user defined function is created with its parameters to be passed,values to be returened
 Where as in line #24 user is calling that function to perform addtion of given number.

5: Can a python function exists without statement?if yes   how?
Answer: ideally no,python does not alllow empty function and throws error but such functions can be written by adding pass statement in it.

6. what is the role of pass statement in a function definition?
Answer: Python does not allow empty function so user can define the function name and add pass statement in it to avoid syntax error

7. what is the diff between parameters and arguments in python functions?
Answer: variable defined in a function is called as parameters and values passed to the function during its calling is called as argument

8. What happens if the number of arguments passed does not match with the function parameter?
Answer:It will throw an error.

9.What is a return value in a function?
Answer: output send back to the caller is called as return.

10. Can a python function return multiple values?if yes, how does python handles it internally?
Answer: Yes python can send multiple return values.It uses tuple to same the values internally.
